Spring guitarist is using this entity, Glass, to provide the decent response.
Look at this, Justin responds, OK.
These are the Jeison attributes.
Or you can say key first name.
Last name, OK.
So from where it is coming from, this feels OK.
Whatever we have inside this entity, class student, whatever.
Now here we are following camel case, obviously, because we are working with our right.
So this is how we provide variable name or filename, right in camel case first name.
So sometimes what happens?
OK, in the design response, we want to have a decent guy like, for example, first under scrutiny
or any other.
Basically, we want to customize this particular Jason.
OK, so let's see how to do this.
So this we can achieve using the Dickson Library.
It may be possible that you are already aware of this, OK, but still I will explain for those who
are not aware of it and to use this library, we don't need to add any dependency in our PubMed or text
email.
OK.
This is already coming with Springwood and spring guitarist dependencies.
So for this say, for example, we want to change Jason.
OK, so on top of this field, use the notation Jason property OK and provide your keys, for example.
First under scrutiny.
That's it.
I don't know what's happening, what obligation.
Now, jump to sportsmen and call this EPA.
See, doesn't get changed, OK?
Antelope Camel case.
Now we're first under scrutiny for all the students, OK, and this will be applicable for all the apes.
Let's get this done by I.D..
Okay.
ID equal to one.
See.
So this is not only applicable to your Jason response, OK?
It is applicable for your request below as well for your right to board paused and Petitpas.
OK, so you need to keep this in mind.
So this is how you can change the Jason Guy while working with spring guitarist.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.